README.md, before:

# Overwatch 2 Game Tracker

---

**Disclaimer:** This side project of mine is WIP and merely constitutes a means to hone my skills and get better at this new field of work.

As such, I cannot guarantee stability, continued support or development. Having invested a significant number of hours in this endeavour, I will however do my best to keep it up and running.

As of January 2024, the project is yet to be deployed but can be accessed locally, see below instructions.

---

**Setup and Launch Guide:**

To set up the application, run the following command in the root of the repository:

```shell
npm run setup
```

After the setup is complete, start the application using:

```shell
npm start
```

The application should now be available at the following URL:

_http://localhost:5173/_

---

**Description:**
Are you a dedicated Overwatch 2 player looking to elevate your insight and get a better grasp at how you are doing? Introducing the Overwatch 2 Game Tracker, a companion application designed to help you keep track of your competitive games. With this tool, you can now save and track your games, allowing you to monitor your performance, analyze statistics, and keep a close eye on your overall progression.

---

**Key Features:**

1. **Game Recording:** Easily save your Overwatch 2 matches with a handful of clicks. Navigate through your game history using filters. **(WIP)**

2. **Profile Switching:** Ever get frustrated your in-game statistics don't convey the full picture? Make sure you save your games into different profiles in order to keep your data clean and relevant.

3. **Statistical Analysis:** Dive into your performance. View statistics for each hero and/or map you played. Use this data to identify areas for improvement. **(WIP)**

4. **Progression Tracking:** Keep a comprehensive record of your progress over time. Track your wins and losses to see how you're evolving as an Overwatch 2 player.

5. **User-Friendly Interface:** My intuitive and user-friendly interface ensures that tracking your Overwatch 2 games and analyzing your performance is a breeze.

---

Whether you're a casual player willing to have a better understanding of your performance, or a competitive gamer striving for the top ranks, the Overwatch 2 Game Tracker is a great tool for monitoring your career.

Commit message:

clarified README setup guide using docker

README.md, after:

# Overwatch 2 Game Tracker

---

**Disclaimer:** This side project of mine is WIP and merely constitutes a means to hone my skills and get better at this new field of work.

As such, I cannot guarantee stability, continued support or development. Having invested a significant number of hours in this endeavour, I will however do my best to keep it up and running.

As of January 2024, the project is yet to be deployed but can be accessed locally, see below instructions.

---

**Setup and Launch Guide:**

_Local Setup using Docker (Recommended):_

To set up and run the application using Docker, make sure you have Docker and Docker Compose installed on your system. Then, run the following command in the root of the repository:

```shell
docker-compose up
```

---

_Manual Setup:_

If you prefer not to use Docker, you can set up the application manually. First, run the following command in the root of the repository to install dependencies and set up the environment:

```shell
npm run setup
```

After the setup is complete, start the application using:

```shell
npm start
```

---

Whatever solution you pick, the application should now be available at the following URL:

_http://localhost:5173/_

---

**Description:**
Are you a dedicated Overwatch 2 player looking to elevate your insight and get a better grasp at how you are doing? Introducing the Overwatch 2 Game Tracker, a companion application designed to help you keep track of your competitive games. With this tool, you can now save and track your games, allowing you to monitor your performance, analyze statistics, and keep a close eye on your overall progression.

---

**Key Features:**

1. **Game Recording:** Easily save your Overwatch 2 matches with a handful of clicks. Navigate through your game history using filters. **(WIP)**

2. **Profile Switching:** Ever get frustrated your in-game statistics don't convey the full picture? Make sure you save your games into different profiles in order to keep your data clean and relevant.

3. **Statistical Analysis:** Dive into your performance. View statistics for each hero and/or map you played. Use this data to identify areas for improvement. **(WIP)**

4. **Progression Tracking:** Keep a comprehensive record of your progress over time. Track your wins and losses to see how you're evolving as an Overwatch 2 player.

5. **User-Friendly Interface:** My intuitive and user-friendly interface ensures that tracking your Overwatch 2 games and analyzing your performance is a breeze.

---

Whether you're a casual player willing to have a better understanding of your performance, or a competitive gamer striving for the top ranks, the Overwatch 2 Game Tracker is a great tool for monitoring your career.
